Update survey to a newer one. (#1610)
MicrosoftDocs/WSL: WSL/tutorials/wsl-database.md

## Differences between database systems

> The most [popular choices](https://insights.stackoverflow.com/survey/2021#technology-_-databases) for a database system include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most [popular choices](https://insights.stackoverflow.com/survey/2021#section-most-popular-technologies-databases) for a database system include:
```
